# Manage solutions in Power Apps and Power Automate

1. Solutions allow you to package features, such as apps in Microsoft Power Apps
   (canvas and model-driven), site maps, flows, entities, forms, custom
   connectors, web resources, choices, charts, and fields, to transport from one
   environment to another. Only the metadata, such as entities and their columns
   and configuration data, are transported. No business data is transported.

# Environment variables

1. Now, thanks to environment variables, you have the flexibility to transport
   your configuration data from one environment to another within the same
   tenant. After creating environment variables in Dataverse for apps, you can
   consume them by retrieving data from the Environment Variable Definition and
   Environment Variable Value entities.

# Managed and unmanaged solutions

1. Unmanaged solutions are used while you're still in your development
   environment in the initial design, build, and test phases. Unmanaged
   solutions should be considered your source for Microsoft Power Platform
   assets. When an unmanaged solution is deleted, only the solution container of
   any included customizations is deleted. All unmanaged customizations will
   remain in effect and belong to the default solution.
2. Managed solutions are used to deploy to any environment that isn't a
   development environment for that solution. These environments include test,
   user acceptance testing (UAT), system integration testing (SIT), and
   production. To make it easier and faster, managed solutions can be created
   independently from other managed solutions in the same environment. As an ALM
   best practice, managed solutions should be generated by exporting an
   unmanaged solution as managed and then considered a build artifact.
3. Changes can only be made to unmanaged solutions. If you need to modify a
   managed solution, you need to add them to an unmanaged solution.
4. You can't export a managed solution. Also, when a managed solution is deleted
   (uninstalled), all included customizations and extensions are removed.
